Android docs workflow improvements (#785)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: docs/content/glossary.md

When writing game logic you don't need to worry about synchronisation code. Standard replication handles this automatically.

### Starter project

> The GDK has two starter projects, the [First Person Shooter (FPS) Starter Project]({{urlRoot}}/projects/fps/overview) and the [Blank Starter Project]({{urlRoot}}/projects/blank/overview). They provide a solid foundations for you to build an entirely new game on-top of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GDK has two starter projects, the [First Person Shooter (FPS) Starter Project]({{urlRoot}}/projects/fps/overview) and the [Blank Starter Project]({{urlRoot}}/projects/blank/overview). They provide a solid foundation for you to build an entirely new game on-top of SpatialOS GDK for Unity.
```
